Exploiting Local File Inclusion
Let’s return to the sample application
on our Windows 10 lab machine.
We will pick up where we left off
with the directory traversal attack
and take a look at the
source code of menu.php
to clarify what we are dealing with.
The application reads in the file
parameter from the request query string,
and then uses that value
with an include statement.
This means that the application
will execute any PHP code
within the specified file.
We might be able to push this
vulnerability to remote code execution
if we can somehow write
PHP code to a local file.
Since we can’t upload a file to the server,
what options do we have?